Update index.mdx (#19195)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-settings/index.mdx

**Value:**

- `0`: Allow the switch to stay in the off position indefinitely until the user turns it back on.

> - `1` to `86,400`: Turn switch back on automatically after the specified number of seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `1` to `86400`: Turn switch back on automatically after the specified number of seconds.
```
